Great professor, would love to retake her in my course. Also makes the class interactive and fun
Professor Centeno is a great professor, especially for beginning coders she will walk through every part of the topic. If you don't understand it she will sometimes even take the rest of the lecture so that you will understand it before going to the next topic. Make sure you code by yourself first then get help if needed after.
I came into college with a little bit of python knowledge and took this course expecting it to be really hard, but it wasn't. Her lectures are not mandatory to go to and she posts the slides and videos on the cs111 page. Would definitely recommend her for cs111 to coders of any experience and she is not a hard professor at all!
I love Professor Centeno, and pretty much all CS112 professors are good. She's very passionate about helping her students and is accessible via office hours, before&after class hours. The class is organized really well and there are so many resources for you to learn.
Great professor! Office hours are super helpful.
Great teacher. She respects the opinions of students and is always willing to help.
Professor Centeno is very nice and kind, and is definitely one of the best professors in the cs department. CS 111 and 112, under her coordination, are run quite smoothly and streamlined, and you're given many extra credit opportunities to cushion your grade.
The professor has limited control over grading but is an effective teacher. She adds a few jokes to make the lectures more engaging. She ensures you learn even if you're new to the subject. I started with no prior experience in CS and still managed to score a 97%. Just make sure to complete the hw & attend lectures.
Professor Ceteno is probably the best professor for CS111 and explains topics well during lecture. I would still recommend you go to her Office Hours even if you come in with previous experience with CS. If you are coming in with any CS experience, it will go a long way.
Centeno teachings itself was sometimes a hit or miss as if you were to attend the lectures it gave you an idea what would be the hw and tests but when it came time for the actual hws not the labs, it was heavily long and most of the time difficult to the point where you would have to study most on your own. But overall she did her best
Teaching skills are poor and lectures lack clarity and coherence. Assignments and exams are completely disconnected from the content taught in class, making it impossible to understand their relevance. As a result, you can't learn anything useful about computer science or content in her class.
Doesn't even want to give you a grade of 0.01, she won't round up if your final grade is stuck right on the edge, forces students to use only one method in exams, and won't give you a grade even if it's correct if you use your own way of solving the problem.
Great professor that teaches with passion and excitement. Really takes time to make sure you understand a concept AS LONG AS YOU ASK. If you don't ask, you're likely to be confused for the rest of the semester. Occasionally goes off topic with personal stories which I didn't appreciate, but depends on your learning style.
Professor Centeno is engaging and provides ample opportunities for extra credit. While her lectures can sometimes veer off-topic, using resources like Unstuckstudy alongside the course material can help stay on track.
Likely the best CS professor you will have. Would strongly recommend over anyone else because of clear lectures, review videos, and overall great energy
Spring 2024 semester with her was the worst. She would go off topic sometimes in lectures and disrupts in learning ability. Intentionally, exams were made harder and averages were on all time low with no extra credit this semester for exams on top of the default +50 points. This course is obviously inflated so she may be trying to weed out people.
I had her for 111 and went to her 112 lectures frequently. She was the best teacher for both courses and makes the subject matter much easier to understand. She is also very responsive and cares about her students.
She's the coordinator for CS111/112, and is very lenient in giving extra credit. Both courses are run pretty smoothly, kudos to her. She is also a very nice person in general. However, admittedly, she would go off topic quite often during lectures, which disrupted the learning flow. Consequently, her lectures weren't as helpful as I would've hoped.
I LOVE HER! She is the best professor take her for 111 & 112 do your work and you will succeed. A lot of us were effected by the spiderverse curse (thanks seth kelly). Don't cheat you will get caught. If you don't know how to code learn and go to OO. She tells stories during her lectures and is very personable. you must learn the DATA STRUCTURE
Great lecturer who is engaging and entertaining. You can get up to 60 points of extra credit and partial credit on all exams is lenient. Ask lots of questions and show up to office hours. Be proactive about everything, especially seeking an extension.
da goat
There was a lot of chances to do good in this class, we even got a ton of extra credit. Midterms and assignments were very fair, she makes it easy for you.
Wonderful professor. Cares about her students and their learning. Class is not meant to be hard but isn't free ride either. Put in the effort and get the results. Worked with her on multiple projects and jobs since taking her class. Very dedicated professor who actively takes feedback to improve the course. Grading, assignments, expectations clear.
Goes above and beyond for students. Kind and knows how to teach. Just reach out for help when you need it. She will do all that she can to make sure that you learn. Set time aside to go over the material yourself after her lectures.
Professor Centeno is seriously an amazing professor. Not only did she care about our well-being, but she gave us many opportunities for us to succeed in this course. While I did not find Intro to Computer Science as easy as what people say online, this class was overall very interesting. I will take Data Structures with Centeno again this spring.
The BEST professor in the CS department hands down. Every professor should take notes from her teaching style.
She communicates effectively and provides clear explanations of concepts. The textbook is optional and she has recorded videos on the website, which you can watch anytime. I highly recommend attending her lectures as she is an excellent teacher and always willing to answer questions. You can attend her lectures even if you don't have her, so go!
Great lecturer who actively tries to get participation and feedback from students. The class is easy to pass with minimal effort, and throughout the course there's the ability to get about 8% extra credit onto your final grade through early submissions and surveys. Assignments were tedious but manageable.
Centeno is pretty good at teaching, she answers as many questions as she can. This class is standardized so it doesn't matter who you take really. Just make sure to maximize your scores on the assignments so you have more leeway on the exams. If you're too lazy to attend lectures (like me) watch the videos on her youtube channel.
solid prof. honestly, she couldn't have made the course any easier, i just fumbled cuz i didnt go to lectures and yolo'd the exams. at times, i even felt she went too slow. all in all, great professor
The course was taught too fast and she was not patient with every student.The assigned homework does not match what is taught in class.
Honestly one of the best CS professors at Rutgers. Taking her data structures class right now and I feel like she is not only a caring professor but she takes time to understand where students are in the class in terms of the material. Her extra credit is also insanely good!
the programming projects for data structures are very difficult. Many students struggle to do the projects. Professor C is rarely helping students because there are too many. Also the exams were difficult and there was a cheating scandal during the semester i took because many students would rather cheat knowing how bad the exams can be.
I can see why she's often recommended, though her lecture style isn't really my thing. She is easy to follow along and understand, which is great, though the pacing is a bit slow. I can't fault her for that though; I'm sure it's hard to accommodate all preferences when holding a lecture with hundreds of students.
I love her.
Great professor, and always willing to help. Course content is supposed to be pretty difficult but I thought her lectures did a good job of explaining the material. Generally a good person and would definitely take her again.
A very good professor, but sections do get filled up very quickly.
She's a really good professor, but her lectures are a bit boring. Definitely take her over the others because she actually does examples but if you don't pay attention for one class, you'll definitely not know what is going on in the next. Overall, a really good professor as long as you practice the coding and pay attention in class.
One of the most lively lectures I have had in Rutgers CS. She teaches the concepts in a clear manner and never really gets too dry.
By far the most coherent CS professor. She's aware that topics can get boring at times, and try her to best to reel us back in. Teaching methods are excellent, would def recommend this prof.
She's an amazing prof but please actually make sure that you take the time to learn the material. This course has an INSANE amount of extra credit. I just showed up to the final and handed in an empty paper, and still passed this course with a 97. I know that sounds great, but when you go to 211 and 344 this is going to seriously hold you back.
Centeno is the GOAT. She made 111 a lot more digestible for those with zero to no programming experience. Hands down the best prof you can take for intro.
Best CS teacher. Very funny and is very LIT. I love centeno.
Centeno makes CS111 not only as a course to teach you coding but to prepare you for 112. I would 100% recommend her, as she will go over concepts other professors don't like debugging and visualization. Centeno understands that we are students and will try reeling us back in very often.
One of the best CS Professors I have ever had. Data Structure is a tough course but Professor Centeno explained each concept very thoroughly and provided extensions and extra credits when needed. Despite being in a large lecture hall, she was patient in answering questions and repeating herself to make sure we understand everything clearly.
Take her for the easiest A. She is a great professor but a bit too caring for her students. I aced my midterms and assignments, putting me at 100% in the class. Due to people's struggles, we got 9.5 ec pts, putting me at a 109.5%. I wrote my name on the final and got a 1/150. I still ended with 95%. Unfair for the amount of effort I put in.
Best CS112 professor. As long as you go to lecture, attend recitation, and start assignments early, you will get a good grade in the class.
One of the best professors I've had at Rutgers so far cares so much about her students. To help us out she gave us over 100 points in extra credit and the TAs and graders were nice and understanding as well. She is the sole reason I jumped from a C in CS111 to a B+ in Data Structures(which is much harder).
Not sure if this is the norm, but this class' difficulty was fairly easy and the class gave PLENTY of extra credit; those two things combined made it very hard to not get an A, my average ended up being a 101.3 and you only need a 90+ to get an A in the class. I didn't attend any lectures, only used the online resources provided and it was fine.
great professor. not only does she explain concepts in great detail, but she clearly cares about her students truly understanding the material. goes on fun tangents during lecture + still somehow finishes all the topics before class is even over. i thought DS would be hard but she made it super easy, highly recommend
