Math 251 with Professor Molnar is no easy feat, but his engaging lectures and challenging workshops pay off. The exams are tough, but with the help of unstuck AI and a committed work ethic, you can succeed. Definitely worth the effort.
Good lecturer and was very helpful when answering student questions. Lecture attendance not mandatory, although I would strongly recommend it. Recitation attendance is mandatory due to having weekly quizzes. Towards the end the material gets challenging, but Molnar makes sure you understand what exactly you need to do depending on the question.
Calculus 3 is fairly straightforward until the last chapter (and to be fair I hadn't attended the lectures for those sections, I just read the textbook). Professor Molnar taught calc 3 with a high level of clarity, provided good lecture slides, and I found the pearson homework, while tedious, to be helpful. If you were fine in calc 1, you'll be ok.
You have to work hard to earn a decent grade in his class. He is an incredibly tough grader and makes his exams significantly harder compared to other professors'. His lectures move fast and workshops are due the next day, so you have hardly any time to complete them. Entertaining professor, but hard to pass.
David Molnar is the GOAT for Calculus 3 because he makes complex topics like multivariable calculus and vector fields clear and engaging. His step-by-step explanations and practical examples build confidence, while his dedication to helping students succeed—through extra support and encouragement—fosters a deep love for math.
tough grader, but funny and very willing to help if you reach out to him outside of class. you have to work pretty hard for your grade and going to lectures makes the class much more manageable, but molnar is one of the most honest and helpful profs i've ever had
I'll be straightforward; his exams are brutal.He does prepare ample practice materials so they are *technically* doable, but the amount of time you spend doing them is a little bit nuts. I wouldn't outright recommend him but I wouldn't say to avoid him either; if you need to take his class, go for it,but be prepared to make a large time commitment
Awesome professor. Great teaching style and very easy to understand. Super accessible and truly wants you to understand the material. Class is difficult but its the material and he makes it as easy as he can with his explanation. If you go to lecture and actually listen to him, you will do well.
Extremely tough class. Lectures were very confusing. Prof is really not very flexible. Dreaded going to this class all semester long. If I could rate a zero I would. Do not recommend at all
Very cool class.
He grades incredibly hard and also makes his exams incredibly hard. His lectures move really fast and he makes workshops due the next day, so you have hardly any time to complete them. He's also just rude and doesn't particularly care about his students. Very rude emails and very few extra resources.
Professor Molnar is very knowledgeable and has good explanations for the students' questions. However, he makes his tests extremely difficult, which requires lots and lots of studying. He also makes workshops due the next day and doesn't teach some things on there, so be prepared to contribute a significant amount of time everyday to his class.
His tests and quizzes are way harder and lectures move faster than other professors(including honors section). His lectures create an atmosphere that discourages asking questions by embarrassing students who do ask. He often gives rude/sarcastic responses to legitimate questions. He is easily angered and yells at students. This man is heartless.
Extremely tough professor. Exams, quizzes and workshops are all brutal. Has an insane curve however. His lectures are alright if a little boring. He is responsive to emails. Not worth the mental toll or effort compared to other 251 professors.
actually the most useless professor I have ever had. I hate him and his iced tea that he walks in every class. I forgot an '=' sign and lost 4 points. EVERYTHING ELSE WAS RIGHT. no partial credit and there is double jeopardy (if you get part a. wrong and use part a. for part b. then part b. is wrong).
Very difficult class. He's pretty average as far as lectures go. I wish he provided more resources to get a better understanding of the more difficult topics
While Math 251 is notoriously challenging, particularly the last third of the material, I found that Molnar explained the topics well. The workshops and quizzes he gave were relatively challenging but his exams were more straightforward.
I HATED THIS CLASS. HE TAUGHT NOTHING. HE JUST READ OFF OF THE SLIDES. I CANNOT. THE FINAL WAS AWFUL. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU WANT TO GET AN A AND KEEP YOUR MENTAL HEALTH.
DM makes Calc at Rutgers interesting with his sense of humor and the jar. But seriously he is really good I would recommend.
Inspirational. Respected. Hilarious. These three words describe Professor Molnar to a T. Prof. Molnar didn't just teach - he ignited a new passion for my studies. If you need a prof who will inspire you, challenge you, and change the way you see the world, look no further. This isn't just a class - it's Professor Molnar's investment in your future.
DM is a great guy. The course material was tough but he manages to make it digestible. That being said, Calc2 is still a very hard class so you should still study on your own. DM's office hours are great for this since he can help you understand concepts that might not have been best explained during lecture. Would definitely take him again.
Molnar is a great lecturer but his section is extremely difficult. He grades very harshly and the midterms are much more difficult than other sections. This does prepare you for the final and he curves in order to account for the added difficulty. I ended with a 68 which was considered a B. Also, this is a class you should 100% go to lecture for.
Good professor overall; if you go to most of his lectures, you will be well prepared for the exams. Most problems on the 3 midterms and the final were doable with the exception of a couple hard ones. If you do the online HW problems on Pearson, textbook problems, and practice exams from previous years, you should be able to get at least a B.
Prof Molnar is a fun, incredibly smart teacher. He will make proofwriting less abstract and more straightforward. It is certainly challenging and demanding but practice and learn from the feedback on exams and quizzes. quizzes are like workshops, but exams can be a bit more strategic (note that I didn't say difficult).
David Molnar was an amazing professor.
Very good Professor, has a funny sense of humor and teaches very well. He is a tough grader on tests.
Seems like a nice guy with a good disposition; he's fine in person, but on Zoom, he is plain boring. Half of his jokes are funny but none of them are beyond surface level laughs. I ended up patching up my understanding with online videos. Overall, it was a fine class. I wouldn't mind taking another class with him, but I wouldn't seek it out either.
W professor round 2
Molnar is a pretty good lecturer, he explained the topics in a very straightforward way, even though he did go off on some tangents in a few lectures. You do have to put in the work to do well in this class. Make sure you know how to do EVERY PROBLEM from workshops and lectures before exams.
W professor
Professor Molnar is a good professor with straight forward exams. He will give you extra study material and has a good teaching style. Lectures focus on practice problems.
Prof Molnar is one of the greatest math instructors I have ever had in my entire life. His humor really added to the lectures and although this class required a lot of work I always felt that the recitations were based on things that we directly learned in lecture. The final was easier than his midterms, which were based on textbook problems.
A tough professor but his lectures were not terrible. He does not post his notes so if you dont go to class you are screwed unless you know someone who will send you the notes. The exams are pretty impossible. The quizzes suck so be ready to fail those half the time. Study hard for exams and make sure you are doing textbook problems. good luck lol
Hes a great prof. He explains the material well in his lectures and answers questions with the perfect responce. He is funny and almost acts like a clown a bit. Not in a negative way. However, u gotta review the material every day cause u will forget it. Recitation is a lot of work tho, hw takes a while. Excellent prof but a lot of work
I did not mind Professor Molnar, his weekly quizzes were not that bad if you understood the material, I really liked his lectures he was a funny guy. His tests were alright, the review material was decent practice. You should do the recommended problems he gives during lectures that helped a lot while studying. Overall, great professor.
251 is a hard class, but Molnar is a funny guy and a pretty good lecturer. He is helpful in office hours. He gives you many resources to succeed, especially practice exams. His weekly quizzes were of medium difficulty. He also gave practice problems in recitation, but they were harder than anything else. Overall cool guy. Just don't fall behind.
My biggest issue was the fact that what he taught was completely different from the recitations and exams. The lectures were completely useless. I studied from all the resources he gave me for the exams and still did poorly. He skips over crucial parts in the lessons assuming its already common knowledge.
I usually worked on homework and some assignments with a group because it was hard to do it on your own. His exams were difficult to the point where I would silently cry and submit the test. Averages were usually in the 40s but at the end the cutoffs were fair. Lectures were boring and he was a difficult person to get along with.
A dry teaching style, lectures are wholly comprised of examples rather than introducing topics and concepts first before applying them. Hard to contact outside of lectures, requires matlab assignments without introducing the program/how to use it "dont ask me about matlab, i dont use it" and provided another professors notes on the topic instead
Diff Eq with Molnar is a tough class - but I think that's mainly because there's no mandatory homework compared to Calcs 1-3. You need to practice on your own with the recitation sets (which are hard) and textbook problems, and then you'll be set. He is tough when giving partial credit on exams. Most of the practice material doesn't have solutions
My favorite prof of all time period
Professor Molnar was a relatively average professor, leaning towards the better side. Although his lectures were rather slow and dry, he strictly tests on lecture material covered. He has a rather unorthodox way of teaching that works with some, but annoys a few. Unfortunately he doesn't post practice exam or worksheet answers.
This professor is an absolute clown. Not only does he have a severe attitude problem, but he should not be teaching. He doesn't post the solutions to practice exams and isn't clear about problems that will be on tests. The tests themselves are hard and go over content which he barely does. I don't know how or why this man still has a job.
I took Molnar for both Calc 251 and 244 and really liked his classes. He tried to get people involved in the online space and made the material fun to learn through amusing questions. While his class was by no means easy, he is great at explaining and a really good option for a good, hard class.
You get failed, the professor still considers you cheat.
Seriously would not recommend. If you like passive aggressive emails, and monotone lectures this is your guy. Ask those at Rutgers and I'm sure they'll heard a story about him.. not in a good way. If Molnar is the only section available, get an spn. By far the worst math professor I have had at Rutgers, he's just not a nice guy. DO NOT RECCOMEND!!
His humor is dry and sarcastic which is absolute gold to me. His lectures can be a bit dry so I mostly relied on the textbook and then quickly going through the recorded lectures. The best part of him is that he clearly wants his students to succeed. His office hours are great and he makes sure you have plenty of resources.
He made a very time-consuming class a little less tedious than it could have been. His lectures are entertaining, and while I wish he had enough time to go over proofs in the latter half of the semester, the ones he did do were very interesting. His weekly quizzes were occasionally difficult, but usually fairly reflected that week's lesson.
I dont understand why people rated him so low. He is a great professor and I really like his lecture. It was fun and helpful. If you do what he tells you to do your grades should be garenteed above B
The class worked well, despite the fact that I took it online. Professor Molnar has a good sense of humor and makes class entertaining. There wasn't that much time for going over a ton of examples or the proofs that support the concepts, especially towards the end of the class, but it's enough to work with. Very prompt in responding to emails.
